On Your Turn:
On your turn, you can do different things depending on where you are.
- Move: You can only move to adjacent rooms. CLICK on the NAME of the room you want to move to.
- Work: If you are working on a role, you must either act (CLICK on ACT BUTTON), or rehearse (CLICK on REHEARSE BUTTON).
- Upgrade: At the Casting Office, you can pay to raise your rank. You may do this before or after you move.

Moving and Taking Roles:
- Moving: If you are not working, you can move. Move from one area to any adjacent area,
through any connection. You can take a role on the same turn, but you don’t work on it yet. Moving is optional.
- Taking a Role: Taking a role just means CLICKing on that role. Multiple players can work on the same scene, but not on the same role.
You can only work on roles that are EQUAL TO or LOWER THAN your rank.

Working on a Role:
Working on roles is how you earn credits and money. Every film has a budget between 2 and 6 million dollars.
This number dictates two things: how difficult the scene will be to complete, and how much
money the movie will pay out. It turns out that big-budget movies are harder to complete. Who knew?
When working on a role, you have two choices: you can act, or rehearse.
(Again, you can’t leave until the scene is done.)
- Acting: Acting means performing your role, or at least trying to. For this, you earn money and/or credits.
To act, CLICK the ACT BUTTON. This simulates rolling a six-sided die.
If you "roll" equal to or higher than the budget of the movie, you succeed.
If you roll lower than the budget of the movie, you fail.
The rewards for success and failure depend on whether you working on or off the card.
--- On the Card: When you succeed, you get TWO CREDITS. When you fail, you get NOTHING.
--- Off the Card: When you succeed, you get ONE DOLLAR and ONE CREDIT. When you fail, you still get ONE DOLLR.
Moving Along: Every set has one, two, or three shots. These shots must be completed before the scene is wrapped.
- Rehearsing: Instead of acting, you can rehearse. In this case, you do not roll and you do not earn anything.
To rehearse, CLICK on the REHEARSE BUTTON. A practice chip gives you +1 to all die "rolls" that you make
while acting on this role. You can accumulate several practice chips if you want, one with each rehearsal,
until you reach a point of guaranteed success. At this point, you have to act.

It’s a Wrap!
When the last shot in a scene is finished, the scene wraps and the card is removed.
Bonus money is paid out if there was at least one player working on the card.

Upgrading:
At the Casting Office, you can pay to improve your rank. You can do this at the beginning or end of
your turn (that is, before or after you move). The cost to upgrade can be paid in either dollars or credits.
Note that the price to reach any particular rank is the same no matter what rank you are now. You do not have
to pay for the intervening ranks. This means that becoming a 6 is the same price whether you are a 1 or a 5.

Ending the Day:
The day is over when there is only one scene left. This last scene does not finish, and there
is no further payment to anyone who was still working on it. Players return to the trailers
to play the next day.

Scoring:
Your score is calculated as follows:
- score one point for every dollar,
- one point for every credit,
- and five points multiplied by your rank.
